feat: add ecommerce section to widget js api docs (#1672)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/extending-chat-widget/javascript-api/index.mdx

LiveChatWidget.call("set_customer_email", "john@example.com");
```

> # E-commerce

Reviewer: I think we could put this below the #Methods (before getters) since those are still 'methods' I feel like. Also maybe we could rename this to 'Trackers', or 'Ecommerce trackers' to match how other groups are named? (+ we use ecommerce without hyphenating xD)

Author: [e066b21](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/e066b218b3bf14b8fd013eec47899c4819ddbc21)

Available e-commerce methods:

- [Track sales event](#track-sales-event)

## Track sales event

> It sends an e-commerce event to LiveChat. Cart and order events appear in real time in the agent's Inbox; order events also feed the **All Sales** and **AI Agent Sales** reports (data syncs once a day, so orders appear in the reports the following day).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends an ecommerce event. Cart and order events appear in the agent's Inbox in real time. Order events also feed the **All Sales** and **AI Agent Sales** reports. Data syncs once a day, so orders appear in the reports the following day.
```

Author: [e066b21](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/e066b218b3bf14b8fd013eec47899c4819ddbc21)

#### Example

```js
LiveChatWidget.call("track_sales_event", {
  name: "store_order_was_created",
  data: {
    order: {
      id: "1042",
      order_number: "#1042",
      currency: "USD",
      total_price: 149.99,
      line_items: [
        {
          product_id: "123456789",
          title: "Merino Wool Crew Neck",
          quantity: 1,
          price: 149.99,
        },
      ],
    },
  },
});
```

#### Payload

| param    | type     | description                                                              |
| -------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | name*    | `string` | event name — one of the supported events listed below                    |

Reviewer: By now, just one param was required in the API — if there is multiple of those we should restructure the tables for the entire document, but this is just a note for me, I will do this later xD

Author: [e066b21](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/e066b218b3bf14b8fd013eec47899c4819ddbc21)

> | data*    | `object` | event payload — shape depends on `name`                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| data*    | `object` | event payload                             |
```

Author: [e066b21](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/e066b218b3bf14b8fd013eec47899c4819ddbc21)

*required

#### Supported events

> | name                              | when to fire                                            |

Reviewer: I think we can remove this table and the description below it — events are listed below anyway, along with their details

Author: [e066b21](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/e066b218b3bf14b8fd013eec47899c4819ddbc21)

| --------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `store_order_was_created`         | order completed (fires on the order confirmation page)  |
| `store_product_added_to_cart`     | item added to the cart                                  |
| `store_product_removed_from_cart` | item removed from the cart                              |

The sections below detail each event's `data` shape, with one example showing every supported field.

### `store_order_was_created`

> Fire on your order confirmation page after a purchase is completed. Order events feed both the agent's Inbox (real time) and the All Sales / AI Agent Sales reports (next day).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use on your order confirmation page after a purchase is completed.
```

Author: [e066b21](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/e066b218b3bf14b8fd013eec47899c4819ddbc21)

| `order.line_items[]`*              | `array`  | at least one entry required                                       |
| `order.line_items[].product_id`*   | `string` | your platform's product ID                                        |
| `order.line_items[].title`*        | `string` | product name shown to the agent                                   |
| `order.line_items[].quantity`*     | `number` | must be ≥ 1                                                       |
| `order.line_items[].price`*        | `number` | unit price (not the line total)                                   |
| `order.line_items[].sku`           | `string` | stock-keeping unit                                                |
| `order.line_items[].variant_id`    | `string` | variant identifier from your platform                             |
| `order.line_items[].variant_title` | `string` | human-readable variant description (e.g. `"Black / Medium"`)      |
| `order.line_items[].thumbnail_url` | `string` | product image URL — placeholder is used when omitted              |

*required

### `store_product_added_to_cart`

> Fire when a customer adds an item to the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use when a customer adds an item to the cart.
```

Author: [e066b21](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/e066b218b3bf14b8fd013eec47899c4819ddbc21)

| `cart_lines[].total_price`*          | `number` | line total (quantity × unit price)                                |
| `cart_lines[].currency`*             | `string` | ISO 4217 3-letter code                                            |
| `cart_lines[].quantity`*             | `number` | must be ≥ 1                                                       |
| `cart_lines[].product.id`*           | `string` | your platform's product ID                                        |
| `cart_lines[].product.title`*        | `string` | product name shown to the agent                                   |
| `cart_lines[].product.price`         | `number` | unit price                                                        |
| `cart_lines[].product.sku`           | `string` | stock-keeping unit                                                |
| `cart_lines[].product.variant_id`    | `string` | variant identifier                                                |
| `cart_lines[].product.thumbnail_url` | `string` | product image URL                                                 |

*required

### `store_product_removed_from_cart`

> Fire when a customer removes an item from the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use when a customer removes an item from the cart.
```

Author: [e066b21](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/e066b218b3bf14b8fd013eec47899c4819ddbc21)

LiveChatWidget.call("set_customer_email", "john@example.com");
```

> # E-commerce

Author: I decided to keep track_sales_tracker separately from this section. This is a legacy method for tracking sales that will be dropped at some point. I think putting it here might be confusing for customers who want to setup e-commerce events tracking.

| `cart_lines[].total_price`*          | `number` | line total (quantity × unit price)                                |
| `cart_lines[].currency`*             | `string` | ISO 4217 3-letter code                                            |
| `cart_lines[].quantity`*             | `number` | must be ≥ 1                                                       |
| `cart_lines[].product.id`*           | `string` | your platform's product ID                                        |
| `cart_lines[].product.title`*        | `string` | product name shown to the agent                                   |
| `cart_lines[].product.price`         | `number` | unit price                                                        |
| `cart_lines[].product.sku`           | `string` | stock-keeping unit                                                |
| `cart_lines[].product.variant_id`    | `string` | variant identifier                                                |
| `cart_lines[].product.thumbnail_url` | `string` | product image URL                                                 |

*required

> ### `store_product_page_viewed`

Reviewer 2: I would consider removing this event from documentation for now - because we don't have any feature in product around that

Author: [60a8323](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/60a8323ab62c544499dd5571f39bed007143bc18)

Fire on each product detail page load. Used for browsing-funnel analytics — doesn't render in the chat feed.

#### Example

```js
LiveChatWidget.call("track_sales_event", {
  name: "store_product_page_viewed",
  data: {

>     customer_event_id: crypto.randomUUID(),

Reviewer 2: Do we use it for idempotency? Or is it unused?

Reviewer 2: If we require it, then let's make it here optional, and by default let's use randomUUID

Author: I have removed this event from docs. Let's move a discussion about this event somewhere, because I was not much focused on it during custom store development and I need some time to dig into it.

[60a8323](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/60a8323ab62c544499dd5571f39bed007143bc18)

    product: {
      product_id: "prod_221",

>       variant_id: "var_441",

Reviewer 2: Let's put their numeric value, UUID, or nanoid format as an example

Author: [60a8323](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/60a8323ab62c544499dd5571f39bed007143bc18)

    },
  },
});
```

#### Data

| param                  | type     | description                                                       |
| ---------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `customer_event_id`*   | `string` | UUID v4, unique per page view                                     |
| `product.product_id`*  | `string` | your platform's product ID                                        |

> | `product.variant_id`*  | `string` | variant identifier — use `product_id` when there are no variants  |

Reviewer 2: Let's make it optional and by default use product_id if variant_id is not available

Author: [60a8323](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/1672/commits/60a8323ab62c544499dd5571f39bed007143bc18)
